README.md, before:

# Friends, The Quiz

This website is for all users who are fans of the sitcom, Friends, who watched the series and have good memories with it. The users can test their knowledge on the characters and the series in general as the website is offering a selection of quiz questions dedicated to each friends characters. It is a fun way for the user to refresh their memory of the topic. At the end of each quiz they can see their results, as well, how many points they received. 

Of course the game is designed to be easily used on any device and so to be inclusive. This means that the site needs to be responsive, allowing visitors to view it on any sized device without losing the quality of experience. The main focus of the site is to be engaging, colourful and motivating while providing real story-based questions and true answers to those based on Friends. 

[Link to my website](https://lilla-kavecsanszki.github.io/friends-quiz/)


![Am I Responsive?](readme-images/responsive.png "Am I Responsive?")

[I Am Responsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://lilla-kavecsanszki.github.io/friends-quiz/)

The business goals of this website are:

-	Provide high-quality questionnaires based on the sitcom
-   Excellent UX to keep potential clients on site long enough to discover all features and then invite their friends too 
    for a game, the sticky hamburger menu button is an excellent addition for an easier and hassle-free navigation throughout the website.

The customer goals of this website are:

-   Search for a fun site, where they can test their knowledge of the sitcom
-   A website where they can find a character based game, to be able to choose a selected quiz based on their 
    favourite character or have a different one for each friend. Not just a generalised Friends quiz like, on other websites. 

# Contents

- [User Experience (UX)](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#user-experience-ux)
- [Ideal client](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#ideal-client)
- [User stories](https://)
- [Wireframes](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#wireframes)
- [Accessibility](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#accessibility)
- [Design](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#design)
  - [Colour Scheme](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#colour-scheme)
  - [Typography](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#typography)
- [Languages Used](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#languages-used)
- [Technologies Used](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#technologies-used)
- [Features](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#features)
  - [Home](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#home)
  - [How to Play?](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#how-to-play)
- [Deployment](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#deployment)
- [Local Deployment](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#local-deployment)
  - [How to Clone](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#how-to-clone)
  - [How to Fork](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#how-to-fork)
- [Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#testing)
  - [Manual Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#manual-testing)
  - [User Stories Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#user-stories-testing)
  - [Further Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#further-testing)
  - [Bugs](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#bugs)
- [Credits](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#credits)
  - [Content](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#content)
  - [Media](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#media)
  - [Acknowledgments and Code](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#acknowledgments-and-code)
  - [Disclaimer](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#disclaimer)


# User Experience (UX)


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

### Ideal client


The ideal client for this business is:

-	English speaking
-	Friends fan
-   A person who watched the series 
-   Individuals, couples, families, or groups

Visitors of this website search for:

-	A knowledgeable site, where they can find story-based questions and challenging, engaging answer options 

This website is the best way to help them achieve these goals because:

- Most other similar sites are limited in their quiz games to a general Friends quiz, while this website offeres individual questionnaires for each characters
- The website also offers true story-based question scenarios and 4 answers to choose from that are just challenging enough


This website:

-	Is easy to navigate due to its sticky hamburger menu button scrolls with the user on all pages.
-   Gives the customers options and access to useful and learnable information.
-   Gives the customers the information they need without overloading them or distracting them from their original ideas  
    or wishes.
-   Guides them and their curiosity to the goal of the website
-   Has social media site buttons in the footer, which open them up in new tabs in order to not distract the customers  
    away from the website but a great help for the designer to showcase her other projects and work.  

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

### User stories

1.	As a viewer of the website, I want to easily navigate the site, so I can find what I need (most importantly, the 
    quiz efficiently.
2.	As a viewer of the website, I want to understand what the game is about.
4.  As a viewer of the website, I want to be able to see my final result and progression before thats.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Wireframes

Home page

![Home page wireframe](readme-images/wireframe_homepage.png "Home page wireframe")

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Accessibility


Accessibility has been a very important point for me while designing the website.

Lighthouse testing for desktop and mobile has scored 100% for accessibility on both.

![Lighthouse Accessibility](readme-images/accessibility_lighthouse_mobile%26desktop.png "Lighthouse Accessibility")

I used [A11y](https://color.a11y.com) the Color Contrast Accessibility Validator which determined that no colour contrast issues were found on any of the pages.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Design

### Colour Scheme

- Bright yellow #f8d649
- Very dark (mostly black) cyan #141c1e
- Dark moderate lime green #48a04f
- Bright red #ed3833
- Soft blue #44aedd
- Moderate violet #8f4ec4  
- Whitesmoke #f5f5f5

![My Colour Palette](readme-images/colorkit.png "My Colour Palette")

[My Colour Palette](https://colorkit.co/palette/f5f5f5-f8d649-48a04f-44aedd-8f4ec4-ed3833-141c1e/)


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

### Typography

I used [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) to import the following fonts to the site.

The primary font used for the Quiz logo and character buttons is Shadows Into Light, this was chosen because I found this font to be the closest to the one displayed in the title of the series. Therefore the user associates straight away to the topic of the website, without much explanation. 

![Shadows Into Light Font](readme-images/Shadows%20Into%20Light-font.png "Shadows Into Light Font")

The secondary font used for the body is Ubuntu which was selected for its clear readability, that works well with Shadows Into Light to maintain the cheerful and fun outcome.

![Ubuntu Font](readme-images/Ubuntu-font.png "Ubuntu Font")

I also chose a third font for the footer text, Quicksand, as I wanted to implement a much lighter font for that purpose, not to be distractive for the user.

![Quicksand Font](readme-images/Quicksand-font.png "Quicksand Font")

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Languages Used

HTML, CSS and Javascript were used to complete this project.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Technologies Used

- Microsoft Word was used to create the wireframes 
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) was used for all icons on the pages
- Github was used to store all files for this website
- Gitpod was used to create and edit all original code
- Google Chrome Developer Tools was used for debugging and testing with Lighthouse
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) was used to import both fonts for use on the site

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Features



[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

#### Home

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

#### How to Play? 


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Deployment

The On The Sunny Side website is deployed using Github Pages, this was done by:

1. Login to Github
2.	Navigate to the account Lilla-Kavecsanszki, and locate the On-The-Sunny-Side repository
3.	In On-The-Sunny-Side repository click on the Settings tab
4.	In the Code and Automation subheading in the sidebar click on Pages
5.	Under Build and Deployment find the Source section, set the source to deploy from a branch, and set this branch to
main, and the folder option to /root
6.	Click save, wait a few minutes and On The Sunny Side website is now deployed at the URL displayed

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Local Deployment

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## How to Clone

Locate the main page of Friends-Quiz repository, click the Code button to the left of the green Gitpod button, then choose Local. Copy the URL of the repository, you can click on headings for HTTPS, SSH, and Github CLI to find their individual links. Open your own terminal in your editor and change the current working directory to the location of where you want the cloned directory to be. In the terminal type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied from Friends-Quiz repository page. Press enter to complete.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## How to Fork

Locate the main page of Friends-Quiz repository. Click the fork button in the top right of the screen, between the watch, and the star buttons.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Testing

W3C CSS Validator result on the css page


W3C HTML Validator result on the Home page



W3

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Manual Testing


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## User Stories Testing 


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Further testing

I asked friends and family to look at the site on their devices and report any issues they find. Position of the text in cover-text was adjusted as a result of this on the Home page. They also reported that the dropdown menu doesn't work in an efficient way when viewed on mobile screens with Safari browser. Instead of a simple tap, they have to press the button for a longer period of time in order to drop down. In every other case, it worked perfectly, on Safari desktop screen size including.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Bugs


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Credits


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Content

The text for the 'How to Play?' page and the content for the quiz games were a creative work of Georgina Kavecsanszki. 


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Media

The images that are used on this site were obtained from;

https://www.kindpng.com/imgv/hJiJhx_phoebe-buffay-rachel-green-ross-geller-social-group/
https://stock.adobe.com/uk/search?k=Friends+sitcom&search_type=usertyped

The soundtrack audio that is used on the website was obtained from;

https://archive.org/details/tvtunes_31736



https://www.shutterstock.com/image-vector/yellow-vintage-frame-peephole-on-white-2215146543

https://seeklogo.com/free-vector-logos/friends


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Acknowledgments and Code

turkey animation 
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_shake_image.asp#:~:text=Learn%20how%20to%20shake%2Fwiggle%20an%20image%20with%20CSS.,last%20for%200.5%20seconds%20%2A%2F%20animation%3A%20shake%200.5s%3B

hamburger menu
https://codepen.io/andreykrokhin/pen/mGEqja

The quiz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4fB9Xg2JEY

https://www.sitepoint.com/simple-javascript-quiz/

https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_settimeout.asp

Flipping panels (windows)
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_style_display.asp

Using buttons and audio
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51572489/playing-sound-on-click-event-with-pure-javascript

How to add table of content to README file
https://www.setcorrect.com/portfolio/work11/#:~:text=The%20idea%20was%20to%20use%20Markdown%20bulleted%20lists,bulleted%20%28unordered%29%20list%20in%20Markdown%3A%20%2A%20List%20item


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Disclaimer

This website is for educational use only.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

Commit message:

Add one more encouraging message to have more categories

README.md, after:

# Friends, The Quiz

This website is for all users who are fans of the sitcom, Friends, who watched the series and have good memories with it. The users can test their knowledge on the characters and the series in general as the website is offering a selection of quiz questions dedicated to each friends characters. It is a fun way for the user to refresh their memory of the topic. At the end of each quiz they can see their results, as well, how many points they received. 

Of course the game is designed to be easily used on any device and so to be inclusive. This means that the site needs to be responsive, allowing visitors to view it on any sized device without losing the quality of experience. The main focus of the site is to be engaging, colourful and motivating while providing real story-based questions and true answers to those based on Friends. 

[Link to my website](https://lilla-kavecsanszki.github.io/friends-quiz/)


![Am I Responsive?](readme-images/responsive.png "Am I Responsive?")

[I Am Responsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://lilla-kavecsanszki.github.io/friends-quiz/)

The business goals of this website are:

-	Provide high-quality questionnaires based on the sitcom
-   Excellent UX to keep potential clients on site long enough to discover all features and then invite their friends too 
    for a game, the sticky hamburger menu button is an excellent addition for an easier and hassle-free navigation throughout the website.

The customer goals of this website are:

-   Search for a fun site, where they can test their knowledge of the sitcom
-   A website where they can find a character based game, to be able to choose a selected quiz based on their 
    favourite character or have a different one for each friend. Not just a generalised Friends quiz like, on other websites. 

# Contents

- [User Experience (UX)](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#user-experience-ux)
- [Ideal client](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#ideal-client)
- [User stories](https://)
- [Wireframes](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#wireframes)
- [Accessibility](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#accessibility)
- [Design](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#design)
  - [Colour Scheme](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#colour-scheme)
  - [Typography](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#typography)
- [Languages Used](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#languages-used)
- [Technologies Used](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#technologies-used)
- [Features](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#features)
  - [Home](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#home)
  - [How to Play?](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#how-to-play)
- [Deployment](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#deployment)
- [Local Deployment](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#local-deployment)
  - [How to Clone](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#how-to-clone)
  - [How to Fork](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#how-to-fork)
- [Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#testing)
  - [Manual Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#manual-testing)
  - [User Stories Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#user-stories-testing)
  - [Further Testing](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#further-testing)
  - [Bugs](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#bugs)
- [Credits](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#credits)
  - [Content](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#content)
  - [Media](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#media)
  - [Acknowledgments and Code](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#acknowledgments-and-code)
  - [Disclaimer](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#disclaimer)


# User Experience (UX)

### Ideal client


The ideal client for this business is:

-	English speaking
-	Friends fan
-   A person who watched the series 
-   Individuals, couples, families, or groups

Visitors of this website search for:

-	A knowledgeable site, where they can find story-based questions and challenging, engaging answer options 

This website is the best way to help them achieve these goals because:

- Most other similar sites are limited in their quiz games to a general Friends quiz, while this website offeres individual questionnaires for each characters
- The website also offers true story-based question scenarios and 4 answers to choose from that are just challenging enough


This website:

-	Is easy to navigate due to its sticky hamburger menu button scrolls with the user on all pages.
-   Gives the customers options and access to useful and learnable information.
-   Gives the customers the information they need without overloading them or distracting them from their original ideas  
    or wishes.
-   Guides them and their curiosity to the goal of the website
-   Has social media site buttons in the footer, which open them up in new tabs in order to not distract the customers  
    away from the website but a great help for the designer to showcase her other projects and work.  

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

### User stories

1.	As a viewer of the website, I want to easily navigate the site, so I can find what I need (most importantly, the 
    quiz efficiently.
2.	As a viewer of the website, I want to understand what the game is about.
4.  As a viewer of the website, I want to be able to see my final result and progression before thats.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Wireframes

Home page

![Home page wireframe](readme-images/wireframe_homepage.png "Home page wireframe")

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Accessibility


Accessibility has been a very important point for me while designing the website.

Lighthouse testing for desktop and mobile has scored 100% for accessibility on both.

![Lighthouse Accessibility](readme-images/accessibility_lighthouse_mobile%26desktop.png "Lighthouse Accessibility")

I used [A11y](https://color.a11y.com) the Color Contrast Accessibility Validator which determined that no colour contrast issues were found on any of the pages.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Design

### Colour Scheme

- Bright yellow #f8d649
- Very dark (mostly black) cyan #141c1e
- Dark moderate lime green #48a04f
- Bright red #ed3833
- Soft blue #44aedd
- Moderate violet #8f4ec4  
- Whitesmoke #f5f5f5

![My Colour Palette](readme-images/colorkit.png "My Colour Palette")

[My Colour Palette](https://colorkit.co/palette/f5f5f5-f8d649-48a04f-44aedd-8f4ec4-ed3833-141c1e/)


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

### Typography

I used [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) to import the following fonts to the site.

The primary font used for the Quiz logo and character buttons is Shadows Into Light, this was chosen because I found this font to be the closest to the one displayed in the title of the series. Therefore the user associates straight away to the topic of the website, without much explanation. 

![Shadows Into Light Font](readme-images/Shadows%20Into%20Light-font.png "Shadows Into Light Font")

The secondary font used for the body is Ubuntu which was selected for its clear readability, that works well with Shadows Into Light to maintain the cheerful and fun outcome.

![Ubuntu Font](readme-images/Ubuntu-font.png "Ubuntu Font")

I also chose a third font for the footer text, Quicksand, as I wanted to implement a much lighter font for that purpose, not to be distractive for the user.

![Quicksand Font](readme-images/Quicksand-font.png "Quicksand Font")

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Languages Used

HTML, CSS and Javascript were used to complete this project.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Technologies Used

- Microsoft Word was used to create the wireframes 
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) was used for all icons on the pages
- Github was used to store all files for this website
- Gitpod was used to create and edit all original code
- Google Chrome Developer Tools was used for debugging and testing with Lighthouse
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) was used to import both fonts for use on the site

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Features

#### Home

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

#### How to Play? 


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Deployment

The On The Sunny Side website is deployed using Github Pages, this was done by:

1. Login to Github
2.	Navigate to the account Lilla-Kavecsanszki, and locate the On-The-Sunny-Side repository
3.	In On-The-Sunny-Side repository click on the Settings tab
4.	In the Code and Automation subheading in the sidebar click on Pages
5.	Under Build and Deployment find the Source section, set the source to deploy from a branch, and set this branch to
main, and the folder option to /root
6.	Click save, wait a few minutes and On The Sunny Side website is now deployed at the URL displayed

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Local Deployment

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## How to Clone

Locate the main page of Friends-Quiz repository, click the Code button to the left of the green Gitpod button, then choose Local. Copy the URL of the repository, you can click on headings for HTTPS, SSH, and Github CLI to find their individual links. Open your own terminal in your editor and change the current working directory to the location of where you want the cloned directory to be. In the terminal type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied from Friends-Quiz repository page. Press enter to complete.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## How to Fork

Locate the main page of Friends-Quiz repository. Click the fork button in the top right of the screen, between the watch, and the star buttons.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Testing

W3C CSS Validator result on the css page


W3C HTML Validator result on the Home page



W3

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Manual Testing


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## User Stories Testing 


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Further testing

I asked friends and family to look at the site on their devices and report any issues they find. Position of the text in cover-text was adjusted as a result of this on the Home page. They also reported that the dropdown menu doesn't work in an efficient way when viewed on mobile screens with Safari browser. Instead of a simple tap, they have to press the button for a longer period of time in order to drop down. In every other case, it worked perfectly, on Safari desktop screen size including.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Bugs


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

# Credits


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Content

The text for the 'How to Play?' page and the content for the quiz games were a creative work of Georgina Kavecsanszki. 


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Media

The images that are used on this site were obtained from;

https://www.kindpng.com/imgv/hJiJhx_phoebe-buffay-rachel-green-ross-geller-social-group/
https://stock.adobe.com/uk/search?k=Friends+sitcom&search_type=usertyped

The soundtrack audio that is used on the website was obtained from;

https://archive.org/details/tvtunes_31736


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Code

turkey animation 
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_shake_image.asp#:~:text=Learn%20how%20to%20shake%2Fwiggle%20an%20image%20with%20CSS.,last%20for%200.5%20seconds%20%2A%2F%20animation%3A%20shake%200.5s%3B

hamburger menu
https://codepen.io/andreykrokhin/pen/mGEqja

The quiz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4fB9Xg2JEY

https://www.sitepoint.com/simple-javascript-quiz/

https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_settimeout.asp

Flipping panels (windows)
https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_style_display.asp

Using buttons and audio
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51572489/playing-sound-on-click-event-with-pure-javascript

How to add table of content to README file
https://www.setcorrect.com/portfolio/work11/#:~:text=The%20idea%20was%20to%20use%20Markdown%20bulleted%20lists,bulleted%20%28unordered%29%20list%20in%20Markdown%3A%20%2A%20List%20item


[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)

## Acknowledgments

I received inspiration for this project from my sister's and friends' as well as my own obsessions with the sitcom and I have also checked out works of other students for scope and what's best practice for a Mile stone project 2. 

I also would like to say a big thank you to my mentor Elaine Roche who guided me through this project and gave me the idea of flipping windows and the nested array to keep the file numbers to the minimum after I arrived with roughly 15 files to our second session, as well as some UX tips!

## Disclaimer

This website is for educational use only.

[Back to top](https://github.com/Lilla-Kavecsanszki/friends-quiz#contents)
